Restructure Host Registration (big) (#2348)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/snip_note-custom-templates-unsupported.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> {Team} can only provide support for the original unedited templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{Team} only provides support for the original unedited templates.
```

Reviewer: See also https://docs.orcharhino.com/or/docs/sources/guides/deploying_an_internal_application.html#Using_Custom_Templates for inspiration.

Author: Okay, but I'd prefer to keep it simple for this context. I think it's sufficient.
